README.md, before:

# 🚀 ReaX - Complete Platform Documentation

**A next-generation decentralized trading platform built on Linera microchains**

**Status**: ✅ **PRODUCTION READY** | **Version**: 2.2.0 | **Date**: January 11, 2026

---

## ⚡ Quick Start - Get Running in 80 Seconds!

### Option 1: Docker (Recommended - Easiest!)

```bash
docker compose up -d --build
```

**Then visit**: http://localhost:3000

### Option 2: Windows PowerShell

```powershell
.\start-platform.ps1
```

### Option 3: Linux/macOS/WSL

```bash
chmod +x run.bash
./run.bash
```

---

## 🎯 What You Get

A complete trading platform with:

- ✅ **Linera Microchains** - Decentralized blockchain infrastructure (SDK 0.15.7)
- ✅ **Multi-DEX Trading** - Raydium, Jupiter, Binance integration with intelligent routing
- ✅ **PineScript Interpreter** - Full TradingView v5 compatibility with backtesting
- ✅ **Visual Strategy Builder** - Drag-and-drop block-based design with React Flow
- ✅ **Social Trading** - Follow and replicate top strategies with automatic trade replication
- ✅ **Real-Time Updates** - WebSocket notifications and live price feeds
- ✅ **Analytics Dashboard** - Live metrics, performance tracking, and event streaming
- ✅ **Professional UI** - Modern glass morphism design with dark theme
- ✅ **6 Feature-Rich Pages** - Complete user interface with 28+ components
- ✅ **Multi-Channel Notifications** - In-app, email, and webhook support

---



## 🌐 Service Endpoints

After startup, access these services:

| Service | Port | URL | Description |
|---------|------|-----|-------------|
| **Frontend** | 3000 | http://localhost:3000 | Main web application |
| **Backend API** | 3001 | http://localhost:3001 | REST API + WebSocket |
| **Linera GraphQL** | 8081 | http://localhost:8081 | Blockchain queries |
| **Linera Faucet** | 8080 | http://localhost:8080 | Token distribution |

---

## 📱 Available Pages

| Page | Route | Features |
|------|-------|----------|
| **Home** | `/` | Platform overview, stats, features |
| **Trading** | `/trading` | Multi-DEX trading, quotes, swaps |
| **Strategies** | `/strategies` | PineScript editor, visual builder |
| **Social** | `/social` | Strategy marketplace, follow traders |
| **Microchains** | `/microchains` | Chain management, monitoring |
| **Analytics** | `/analytics` | Live metrics, performance data |

---

## 🆕 Recent Updates (v2.2.0)

### UI Enhancements (January 2026)
- ✨ **Professional Design System**: Glass morphism with dark theme
- 🎨 **Animated Backgrounds**: Pulsing gradient orbs for visual depth
- 📊 **Live Price Ticker**: Real-time price updates on homepage
- 🔔 **Enhanced Components**: 28+ reusable React components
- 💫 **Smooth Animations**: CSS-based animations for better performance
- 📱 **Improved UX**: Better visual hierarchy and user feedback

### Linera SDK Update (December 2024)
- 🔄 **SDK 0.15.7**: Updated for Testnet Conway compatibility
- 🌐 **Testnet Conway**: Full support for latest Linera testnet
- 📦 **Dependency Updates**: Explicit async-graphql and tokio versions
- 🐳 **Docker Updates**: Updated Linera installation in Dockerfile

### Feature Additions
- 🔔 **Multi-Channel Notifications**: In-app, email, and webhook support
- 🧭 **Intelligent DEX Router**: Parallel quote fetching and best price selection
- 📈 **Enhanced Analytics**: Live metrics, performance tracking, recent trades feed
- 🔄 **Improved Social Trading**: Better trade replication and follower management

---

## 🎯 Key Features

### 🔗 Linera Microchains
- Decentralized blockchain infrastructure
- Immutable strategy storage
- On-chain trade execution
- Cross-chain communication
- **SDK 0.15.7 integration** (Testnet Conway compatible)
- GraphQL API for queries and mutations
- Automatic state management and replication

### 💱 Multi-DEX Integration
- **Raydium**: Solana's leading AMM (Transaction API)
- **Jupiter**: Best price aggregation (API v6)
- **Binance**: Centralized exchange (REST + WebSocket)
- **Intelligent DEX Router**: Parallel quote fetching from multiple DEXes
- Real-time quote comparison with best price selection
- Automatic best route selection
- Support for base-in and base-out swaps
- Versioned transaction support for Solana

### 📊 Strategy Development
- **PineScript v5 Interpreter**: Full TradingView compatibility
  - Lexer, parser, compiler, executor
  - Technical indicators (SMA, EMA, RSI, MACD, BB)
  - Backtesting engine with performance metrics
- **Visual Strategy Builder**: Drag-and-drop design
  - Block library (indicators, conditions, actions, logic)
  - Validator with dependency detection
  - Code generator (PineScript + TypeScript)

### 👥 Social Trading
- Strategy marketplace with performance metrics
- Follow top-performing strategies
- **Automatic trade replication** with proportional scaling
- Proportional position sizing based on allocation percentage
- Risk management controls (max position size, auto-follow)
- Real-time notifications via WebSocket
- On-chain follower tracking and trade replication status

### 📈 Analytics Dashboard
- **Live price ticker** with real-time updates
- Strategy performance metrics and statistics
- Real-time event streaming via WebSocket
- Portfolio analytics and tracking
- Performance charts and visualizations
- Recent trades feed with profit indicators
- Key metrics cards (strategies, volume, DEXes, traders, success rate)

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                Frontend (Next.js 14)                     │
│  • Trading Interface  • Strategy Builder                 │
│  • Social Feed  • Analytics  • Microchain Management     │
│                    Port 3000                             │
└────────────────────┬────────────────────────────────────┘
                     │ REST API + WebSocket
                     ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│              Backend (Express.js + TypeScript)           │
│  • DEX Router  • PineScript Interpreter                  │
│  • Strategy Validator  • Notification System             │
│  • WebSocket Server  • Database Layer                    │
│                    Port 3001                             │
└────────────────────┬────────────────────────────────────┘
                     │ GraphQL
                     ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│           Linera GraphQL Service (Port 8081)             │
│  • Query Operations  • Mutations  • Subscriptions        │
└────────────────────┬────────────────────────────────────┘
                     │
                     ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│         Linera Microchain Network (Rust/WASM)            │
│  • Trade AI Contract  • State Management                 │
│  • DEX Orders  • Strategy Execution  • Social Trading    │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

---

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

### Frontend
- **Framework**: Next.js 14 (App Router)
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **UI**: React 18, Tailwind CSS
- **Design System**: Glass morphism, dark theme, animated backgrounds
- **Real-time**: Socket.io Client
- **Charts**: Recharts
- **Editor**: Monaco Editor (VS Code)
- **Flow**: React Flow (for visual strategy builder)
- **Components**: 28+ reusable components

### Backend
- **Runtime**: Node.js
- **Framework**: Express.js
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **WebSocket**: Socket.io (real-time updates)
- **Database**: PostgreSQL
- **ORM**: Custom repositories
- **Services**: DEX Router, PineScript Service, Notification Service, WebSocket Server
- **Multi-Channel Notifications**: In-app, email, webhook support

### Blockchain
- **Platform**: Linera Protocol
- **Language**: Rust
- **Target**: WASM32
- **SDK**: Linera SDK 0.15.7 (Testnet Conway)
- **Toolchain**: Rust 1.86
- **Network**: Testnet Conway

### DEX Integration
- **Raydium**: Transaction API
- **Jupiter**: Aggregator API v6
- **Binance**: REST + WebSocket API

---

## 📊 Project Statistics

### Code
- **Total Files**: ~50
- **Lines of Code**: ~8,500
- **Documentation**: ~20,000 lines
- **Languages**: TypeScript, Rust, SQL

### Features
- **Pages**: 6 (Home, Trading, Strategies, Social, Microchains, Analytics)
- **Components**: 28+ React components (Visual Builder, Trading Interface, Analytics, etc.)
- **API Routes**: 4 route groups (DEX, PineScript, Strategies, Visual Strategy)
- **Services**: 7 backend services (DEX Router, PineScript, Notifications, WebSocket, etc.)
- **DEX Integrations**: 3 (Raydium, Jupiter, Binance)
- **UI Enhancements**: Professional glass morphism design, animated backgrounds, live tickers

### Documentation
- **Total Guides**: 24+ comprehensive guides
- **Quick Starts**: 3
- **Platform Guides**: 2
- **Main Docs**: 3
- **Testing Guides**: 2
- **Status Reports**: 5
- **Architecture Docs**: 2
- **Implementation Records**: 5
- **Update Guides**: Linera SDK 0.15.7 migration, UI enhancements

---

### Quick Installation

**Docker (Recommended):**
```bash
docker compose up -d --build
```

**Windows:**
```powershell
.\start-platform.ps1
```

**Linux/macOS:**
```bash
chmod +x run.bash
./run.bash
```

---

## 🧪 Testing

### Verify Services

```bash
# Frontend
curl http://localhost:3000

# Backend health
curl http://localhost:3001/health

# Linera service
curl http://localhost:8081
```

### Test Features

1. **Strategy Deployment**
   - Go to http://localhost:3000/strategies
   - Write a PineScript strategy
   - Click "Deploy to Microchain"
   - Verify deployment confirmation

2. **Social Trading**
   - Go to http://localhost:3000/social
   - View deployed strategies
   - Click "Follow Strategy"
   - Set allocation and risk limits
   - Verify real-time updates

3. **Microchains**
   - Go to http://localhost:3000/microchains
   - Check connection status
   - View Chain ID and App ID
   - Monitor statistics

---

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

### Docker Issues

```bash
# View logs
docker compose logs -f lineratrade

# Restart
docker compose restart

# Clean rebuild
docker compose down -v
docker compose build --no-cache
docker compose up -d
```

### Port Conflicts

```bash
# Windows
netstat -ano | findstr :3000
taskkill /PID <PID> /F

# Linux/macOS
lsof -i :3000
kill -9 <PID>

# Or use npx
npx kill-port 3000 3001 8080 8081
```

### Linera Issues

```bash
# Kill Linera processes
pkill -f linera

# Clean temporary files
rm -rf /tmp/linera-*

# Restart platform
./run.bash
```

### Common Issues

See **[PLATFORM_SETUP.md](PLATFORM_SETUP.md)** → Troubleshooting section for detailed solutions.

---

## 📈 Performance

### Startup Time
- **Docker (first run)**: ~5 minutes
- **Docker (subsequent)**: ~80 seconds
- **PowerShell**: ~60 seconds
- **Bash**: ~60 seconds

### Resource Usage
- **RAM**: ~2GB (all services)
- **CPU**: ~10% (idle)
- **Disk**: ~500MB (dependencies)

### Response Time
- **Frontend**: <100ms
- **Backend API**: <50ms
- **Linera GraphQL**: <200ms

---

## 🔐 Security

- No authentication required (wallet-based identity)
- Client-side wallet management
- Secure API communication
- Environment variable protection
- Input validation and sanitization
- Rate limiting ready

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
lineratrade/
├── frontend/              # Next.js application
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── app/          # App router pages (6 pages)
│   │   ├── components/   # React components (28+ components)
│   │   └── lib/          # Utilities and clients
│   └── package.json
├── backend/              # Express.js API
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── routes/       # API endpoints (4 groups)
│   │   ├── services/     # Business logic (7 services)
│   │   ├── models/       # Data models
│   │   ├── database/     # Database layer
│   │   ├── pinescript/   # PineScript interpreter
│   │   └── strategy-builder/ # Visual builder
│   └── package.json
├── linera-app/           # Linera application
│   ├── abi/              # Application Binary Interface
│   ├── trade-ai/         # Main application
│   │   ├── src/
│   │   │   ├── contract.rs  # Smart contract
│   │   │   ├── service.rs   # GraphQL service
│   │   │   └── state.rs     # State management
│   │   └── Cargo.toml
│   └── Cargo.toml
├── Dockerfile            # Docker configuration
├── compose.yaml          # Docker Compose config
├── run.bash              # Linux/macOS startup
├── start-platform.ps1    # Windows startup
└── *.md                  # Documentation (24+ files)
```

---

## ✅ Completion Status

### Overall Progress: 100%

All features implemented, tested, and documented!

- [x] Linera microchains integration (SDK 0.15.7 - Testnet Conway)
- [x] Multi-DEX trading (Raydium, Jupiter, Binance) with intelligent routing
- [x] PineScript interpreter (v5 compatible) with backtesting engine
- [x] Visual strategy builder (React Flow drag-and-drop)
- [x] Social trading with automatic trade replication
- [x] Backend services (API, WebSocket, database, notifications)
- [x] Frontend application (6 pages, 28+ components)
- [x] Professional UI with glass morphism design
- [x] Multi-channel notification system
- [x] Docker Compose setup
- [x] Complete documentation (24+ guides)
- [x] Testing and verification

---

## 🎯 Quick Decision Tree

**Want to start now?**
→ Run: `docker compose up -d --build`



## 🎊 You're Ready!

Everything is in place. The platform is production ready.

**Start now:**
```bash
docker compose up -d --build
```

**Then visit:** http://localhost:3000

**Enjoy your trading platform! 🚀**

---


### Quick Commands

```bash
# Start
docker compose up -d --build

# Stop
docker compose down

# Restart
docker compose restart

# Logs
docker compose logs -f lineratrade

# Status
docker compose ps

# Health check
curl http://localhost:3001/health
```


### Troubleshooting

1. Check logs: `docker compose logs -f`
2. Verify health: `curl http://localhost:3001/health`
3. Review PLATFORM_SETUP.md troubleshooting section
4. Check ports are free: 3000, 3001, 8080, 8081

---

## 🏆 Project Highlights

1. **Complete Linera Integration**: Full microchain support with SDK 0.15.7 (Testnet Conway)
2. **Multi-DEX Trading**: Raydium, Jupiter, and Binance integration with intelligent routing
3. **Dual Strategy Builders**: PineScript interpreter + visual block builder (React Flow)
4. **Real-Time Social Trading**: Follow strategies with automatic trade replication
5. **Professional UI**: Modern glass morphism design with dark theme and animations
6. **Advanced Analytics**: Live price feeds, performance metrics, and event streaming
7. **Multi-Channel Notifications**: In-app, email, and webhook support
8. **One-Command Deployment**: Docker Compose for instant setup
9. **Comprehensive Documentation**: 24+ guides covering all aspects
10. **Cross-Platform**: Windows, Linux, macOS support

---

## 🎯 What's Next?

1. **Start the platform** (choose method above)
2. **Open http://localhost:3000**
3. **Explore all 6 pages**
4. **Create a strategy**
5. **Deploy to microchain**
6. **Try social trading**
7. **Monitor analytics**

---

**Status**: ✅ PRODUCTION READY  
**Version**: 2.2.0  
**Linera SDK**: 0.15.7 (Testnet Conway)  
**Last Updated**: January 11, 2026  
**Completion**: 100%

**🎉 Ready to revolutionize decentralized trading! 🚀**

Commit message:

Testnet Conway setup + Docker entrypoint + strategy microchain flow

README.md, after:

# 🚀 ReaX - Complete Platform Documentation

**A next-generation decentralized trading platform built on Linera microchains**

**Status**: ✅ **PRODUCTION READY** | **Version**: 2.2.0 | **Date**: January 11, 2026

---

## ⚡ Quick Start - Get Running in 80 Seconds!

### Option 1: Docker (Recommended - Easiest!)

```bash
docker compose up -d --build
```

**Then visit**: http://localhost:3000

> **Testnet Conway flow (faucet + deploy inside container)**  
> The Docker image entrypoint runs the same steps as `start-all.sh`: initializes a wallet via `https://faucet.testnet-conway.linera.net/`, deploys the Linera app, writes `backend/.env.local` and `frontend/.env.local` inside the container, then starts Linera service (8081), backend (3001), and frontend (3000). Postgres/Redis are started from `compose.yaml`.

### Option 2: Windows PowerShell

```powershell
.\start-platform.ps1
```

### Option 3: Linux/macOS/WSL

```bash
chmod +x run.bash
./run.bash
```

---

## 🎯 What You Get

A complete trading platform with:

- ✅ **Linera Microchains** - Decentralized blockchain infrastructure (SDK 0.15.7)
- ✅ **Multi-DEX Trading** - Raydium, Jupiter, Binance integration with intelligent routing
- ✅ **PineScript Interpreter** - Full TradingView v5 compatibility with backtesting
- ✅ **Visual Strategy Builder** - Drag-and-drop block-based design with React Flow
- ✅ **Social Trading** - Follow and replicate top strategies with automatic trade replication
- ✅ **Real-Time Updates** - WebSocket notifications and live price feeds
- ✅ **Analytics Dashboard** - Live metrics, performance tracking, and event streaming
- ✅ **Professional UI** - Modern glass morphism design with dark theme
- ✅ **6 Feature-Rich Pages** - Complete user interface with 28+ components
- ✅ **Multi-Channel Notifications** - In-app, email, and webhook support

---



## 🌐 Service Endpoints

After startup, access these services:

| Service | Port | URL | Description |
|---------|------|-----|-------------|
| **Frontend** | 3000 | http://localhost:3000 | Main web application |
| **Backend API** | 3001 | http://localhost:3001 | REST API + WebSocket |
| **Linera GraphQL** | 8081 | http://localhost:8081 | Blockchain queries |
| **Linera Faucet** | 8080 | http://localhost:8080 | Token distribution |

---

## 📱 Available Pages

| Page | Route | Features |
|------|-------|----------|
| **Home** | `/` | Platform overview, stats, features |
| **Trading** | `/trading` | Multi-DEX trading, quotes, swaps |
| **Strategies** | `/strategies` | PineScript editor, visual builder |
| **Social** | `/social` | Strategy marketplace, follow traders |
| **Microchains** | `/microchains` | Chain management, monitoring |
| **Analytics** | `/analytics` | Live metrics, performance data |

---

## 🆕 Recent Updates (v2.2.0)

### UI Enhancements (January 2026)
- ✨ **Professional Design System**: Glass morphism with dark theme
- 🎨 **Animated Backgrounds**: Pulsing gradient orbs for visual depth
- 📊 **Live Price Ticker**: Real-time price updates on homepage
- 🔔 **Enhanced Components**: 28+ reusable React components
- 💫 **Smooth Animations**: CSS-based animations for better performance
- 📱 **Improved UX**: Better visual hierarchy and user feedback

### Linera SDK Update (December 2024)
- 🔄 **SDK 0.15.7**: Updated for Testnet Conway compatibility
- 🌐 **Testnet Conway**: Full support for latest Linera testnet
- 📦 **Dependency Updates**: Explicit async-graphql and tokio versions
- 🐳 **Docker Updates**: Updated Linera installation in Dockerfile

### Feature Additions
- 🔔 **Multi-Channel Notifications**: In-app, email, and webhook support
- 🧭 **Intelligent DEX Router**: Parallel quote fetching and best price selection
- 📈 **Enhanced Analytics**: Live metrics, performance tracking, recent trades feed
- 🔄 **Improved Social Trading**: Better trade replication and follower management

---

## 🎯 Key Features

### 🔗 Linera Microchains
- Decentralized blockchain infrastructure
- Immutable strategy storage
- On-chain trade execution
- Cross-chain communication
- **SDK 0.15.7 integration** (Testnet Conway compatible)
- GraphQL API for queries and mutations
- Automatic state management and replication

### 💱 Multi-DEX Integration
- **Raydium**: Solana's leading AMM (Transaction API)
- **Jupiter**: Best price aggregation (API v6)
- **Binance**: Centralized exchange (REST + WebSocket)
- **Intelligent DEX Router**: Parallel quote fetching from multiple DEXes
- Real-time quote comparison with best price selection
- Automatic best route selection
- Support for base-in and base-out swaps
- Versioned transaction support for Solana

### 📊 Strategy Development
- **PineScript v5 Interpreter**: Full TradingView compatibility
  - Lexer, parser, compiler, executor
  - Technical indicators (SMA, EMA, RSI, MACD, BB)
  - Backtesting engine with performance metrics
- **Visual Strategy Builder**: Drag-and-drop design
  - Block library (indicators, conditions, actions, logic)
  - Validator with dependency detection
  - Code generator (PineScript + TypeScript)

### 👥 Social Trading
- Strategy marketplace with performance metrics
- Follow top-performing strategies
- **Automatic trade replication** with proportional scaling
- Proportional position sizing based on allocation percentage
- Risk management controls (max position size, auto-follow)
- Real-time notifications via WebSocket
- On-chain follower tracking and trade replication status

### 📈 Analytics Dashboard
- **Live price ticker** with real-time updates
- Strategy performance metrics and statistics
- Real-time event streaming via WebSocket
- Portfolio analytics and tracking
- Performance charts and visualizations
- Recent trades feed with profit indicators
- Key metrics cards (strategies, volume, DEXes, traders, success rate)

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                Frontend (Next.js 14)                     │
│  • Trading Interface  • Strategy Builder                 │
│  • Social Feed  • Analytics  • Microchain Management     │
│                    Port 3000                             │
└────────────────────┬────────────────────────────────────┘
                     │ REST API + WebSocket
                     ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│              Backend (Express.js + TypeScript)           │
│  • DEX Router  • PineScript Interpreter                  │
│  • Strategy Validator  • Notification System             │
│  • WebSocket Server  • Database Layer                    │
│                    Port 3001                             │
└────────────────────┬────────────────────────────────────┘
                     │ GraphQL
                     ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│           Linera GraphQL Service (Port 8081)             │
│  • Query Operations  • Mutations  • Subscriptions        │
└────────────────────┬────────────────────────────────────┘
                     │
                     ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│         Linera Microchain Network (Rust/WASM)            │
│  • Trade AI Contract  • State Management                 │
│  • DEX Orders  • Strategy Execution  • Social Trading    │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

---

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

### Frontend
- **Framework**: Next.js 14 (App Router)
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **UI**: React 18, Tailwind CSS
- **Design System**: Glass morphism, dark theme, animated backgrounds
- **Real-time**: Socket.io Client
- **Charts**: Recharts
- **Editor**: Monaco Editor (VS Code)
- **Flow**: React Flow (for visual strategy builder)
- **Components**: 28+ reusable components

### Backend
- **Runtime**: Node.js
- **Framework**: Express.js
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **WebSocket**: Socket.io (real-time updates)
- **Database**: PostgreSQL
- **ORM**: Custom repositories
- **Services**: DEX Router, PineScript Service, Notification Service, WebSocket Server
- **Multi-Channel Notifications**: In-app, email, webhook support

### Blockchain
- **Platform**: Linera Protocol
- **Language**: Rust
- **Target**: WASM32
- **SDK**: Linera SDK 0.15.7 (Testnet Conway)
- **Toolchain**: Rust 1.86
- **Network**: Testnet Conway

### DEX Integration
- **Raydium**: Transaction API
- **Jupiter**: Aggregator API v6
- **Binance**: REST + WebSocket API

---

## 📊 Project Statistics

### Code
- **Total Files**: ~50
- **Lines of Code**: ~8,500
- **Documentation**: ~20,000 lines
- **Languages**: TypeScript, Rust, SQL

### Features
- **Pages**: 6 (Home, Trading, Strategies, Social, Microchains, Analytics)
- **Components**: 28+ React components (Visual Builder, Trading Interface, Analytics, etc.)
- **API Routes**: 4 route groups (DEX, PineScript, Strategies, Visual Strategy)
- **Services**: 7 backend services (DEX Router, PineScript, Notifications, WebSocket, etc.)
- **DEX Integrations**: 3 (Raydium, Jupiter, Binance)
- **UI Enhancements**: Professional glass morphism design, animated backgrounds, live tickers

### Documentation
- **Total Guides**: 24+ comprehensive guides
- **Quick Starts**: 3
- **Platform Guides**: 2
- **Main Docs**: 3
- **Testing Guides**: 2
- **Status Reports**: 5
- **Architecture Docs**: 2
- **Implementation Records**: 5
- **Update Guides**: Linera SDK 0.15.7 migration, UI enhancements

---

### Quick Installation

**Docker (Recommended):**
```bash
docker compose up -d --build
```

**Windows:**
```powershell
.\start-platform.ps1
```

**Linux/macOS:**
```bash
chmod +x run.bash
./run.bash
```

---

## 🧪 Testing

### Verify Services

```bash
# Frontend
curl http://localhost:3000

# Backend health
curl http://localhost:3001/health

# Linera service
curl http://localhost:8081
```

### Test Features

1. **Strategy Deployment**
   - Go to http://localhost:3000/strategies
   - Write a PineScript strategy
   - Click "Deploy to Microchain"
   - Verify deployment confirmation

2. **Social Trading**
   - Go to http://localhost:3000/social
   - View deployed strategies
   - Click "Follow Strategy"
   - Set allocation and risk limits
   - Verify real-time updates

3. **Microchains**
   - Go to http://localhost:3000/microchains
   - Check connection status
   - View Chain ID and App ID
   - Monitor statistics

---

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

### Docker Issues

```bash
# View logs
docker compose logs -f lineratrade

# Restart
docker compose restart

# Clean rebuild
docker compose down -v
docker compose build --no-cache
docker compose up -d
```

### Port Conflicts

```bash
# Windows
netstat -ano | findstr :3000
taskkill /PID <PID> /F

# Linux/macOS
lsof -i :3000
kill -9 <PID>

# Or use npx
npx kill-port 3000 3001 8080 8081
```

### Linera Issues

```bash
# Kill Linera processes
pkill -f linera

# Clean temporary files
rm -rf /tmp/linera-*

# Restart platform
./run.bash
```

### Common Issues

See **[PLATFORM_SETUP.md](PLATFORM_SETUP.md)** → Troubleshooting section for detailed solutions.

---

## 📈 Performance

### Startup Time
- **Docker (first run)**: ~5 minutes
- **Docker (subsequent)**: ~80 seconds
- **PowerShell**: ~60 seconds
- **Bash**: ~60 seconds

### Resource Usage
- **RAM**: ~2GB (all services)
- **CPU**: ~10% (idle)
- **Disk**: ~500MB (dependencies)

### Response Time
- **Frontend**: <100ms
- **Backend API**: <50ms
- **Linera GraphQL**: <200ms

---

## 🔐 Security

- No authentication required (wallet-based identity)
- Client-side wallet management
- Secure API communication
- Environment variable protection
- Input validation and sanitization
- Rate limiting ready

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
lineratrade/
├── frontend/              # Next.js application
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── app/          # App router pages (6 pages)
│   │   ├── components/   # React components (28+ components)
│   │   └── lib/          # Utilities and clients
│   └── package.json
├── backend/              # Express.js API
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── routes/       # API endpoints (4 groups)
│   │   ├── services/     # Business logic (7 services)
│   │   ├── models/       # Data models
│   │   ├── database/     # Database layer
│   │   ├── pinescript/   # PineScript interpreter
│   │   └── strategy-builder/ # Visual builder
│   └── package.json
├── linera-app/           # Linera application
│   ├── abi/              # Application Binary Interface
│   ├── trade-ai/         # Main application
│   │   ├── src/
│   │   │   ├── contract.rs  # Smart contract
│   │   │   ├── service.rs   # GraphQL service
│   │   │   └── state.rs     # State management
│   │   └── Cargo.toml
│   └── Cargo.toml
├── Dockerfile            # Docker configuration
├── compose.yaml          # Docker Compose config
├── run.bash              # Linux/macOS startup
├── start-platform.ps1    # Windows startup
└── *.md                  # Documentation (24+ files)
```

---

## ✅ Completion Status

### Overall Progress: 100%

All features implemented, tested, and documented!

- [x] Linera microchains integration (SDK 0.15.7 - Testnet Conway)
- [x] Multi-DEX trading (Raydium, Jupiter, Binance) with intelligent routing
- [x] PineScript interpreter (v5 compatible) with backtesting engine
- [x] Visual strategy builder (React Flow drag-and-drop)
- [x] Social trading with automatic trade replication
- [x] Backend services (API, WebSocket, database, notifications)
- [x] Frontend application (6 pages, 28+ components)
- [x] Professional UI with glass morphism design
- [x] Multi-channel notification system
- [x] Docker Compose setup
- [x] Complete documentation (24+ guides)
- [x] Testing and verification

---

## 🎯 Quick Decision Tree

**Want to start now?**
→ Run: `docker compose up -d --build`



## 🎊 You're Ready!

Everything is in place. The platform is production ready.

**Start now:**
```bash
docker compose up -d --build
```

**Then visit:** http://localhost:3000

**Enjoy your trading platform! 🚀**

---


### Quick Commands

```bash
# Start
docker compose up -d --build

# Stop
docker compose down

# Restart
docker compose restart

# Logs
docker compose logs -f lineratrade

# Status
docker compose ps

# Health check
curl http://localhost:3001/health
```


### Troubleshooting

1. Check logs: `docker compose logs -f`
2. Verify health: `curl http://localhost:3001/health`
3. Review PLATFORM_SETUP.md troubleshooting section
4. Check ports are free: 3000, 3001, 8080, 8081

---

## 🏆 Project Highlights

1. **Complete Linera Integration**: Full microchain support with SDK 0.15.7 (Testnet Conway)
2. **Multi-DEX Trading**: Raydium, Jupiter, and Binance integration with intelligent routing
3. **Dual Strategy Builders**: PineScript interpreter + visual block builder (React Flow)
4. **Real-Time Social Trading**: Follow strategies with automatic trade replication
5. **Professional UI**: Modern glass morphism design with dark theme and animations
6. **Advanced Analytics**: Live price feeds, performance metrics, and event streaming
7. **Multi-Channel Notifications**: In-app, email, and webhook support
8. **One-Command Deployment**: Docker Compose for instant setup
9. **Comprehensive Documentation**: 24+ guides covering all aspects
10. **Cross-Platform**: Windows, Linux, macOS support

---

## 🎯 What's Next?

1. **Start the platform** (choose method above)
2. **Open http://localhost:3000**
3. **Explore all 6 pages**
4. **Create a strategy**
5. **Deploy to microchain**
6. **Try social trading**
7. **Monitor analytics**

---

**Status**: ✅ PRODUCTION READY  
**Version**: 2.2.0  
**Linera SDK**: 0.15.7 (Testnet Conway)  
**Last Updated**: January 11, 2026  
**Completion**: 100%

**🎉 Ready to revolutionize decentralized trading! 🚀**
